This is a port of version 1.4.2.101 of the Calamity Mod, originally released on May 26th, 2019. Now playable on the modern version of tModLoader! Major highlights of this update consist of Rare Item Variants and unique items added to all Calamity shrines, and a rework of Yharon's phase 2. Also included are earlier revisions of the Sunken Sea, reworked Astral Infection and most bosses.

Suggestions and bug reports will probably not be taken as to keep the version as true as possible, unless it's to fix an error/inconsistency that occurred during porting.

However, if you do identify an issue that makes this Classic release different from the original from 2019, send it to the following Discord:
https://discord.gg/rtq3jRDsrA

-------------------------------------------------------------

Hi everyone, Siberian, the porter here.

Thank you all so much for checking out the work i've made here. It took me an entire year, going from knowing nothing, to knowing enough to make this a reality.

I wanna open by saying that... I'm just a fan. Always have been, i was never officially affiliated with Calamity at any point in my life, even though it was my dream to become a developer of the mod.

It completely breaks my soul to see the mod that's powered the hope, lives nad dreams of so many people end in such a terrible way. I never once thought it would come to this, and it honestly just.. hurts. It really does.

We're in this together though. All of us.
If you happen to be a developer, an artist, a musician, or following any other form of art (or all of the above)
Know that you're capable, amazing and your work has and will always matter. Get your projects out there, make it happen! All it takes is some determination and effort to make yourself seen. And trust me, it will mean the world if you do.

To the entire dev team:
Thank you. Genuinely from the bottom of my heart. I really thank you for all the time, effort and passion you've put into the mod.
Your work was not in vain, you impacted utter millions and millions of real people out there. People who shared in your passion the whole way through.
You all were great, continue to be great. And i wish you luck in your future projects, you've already changed my life. You can change more.

To close this... I'll continue supporting this port. If you find any bugs or issues or innacuracies, report them to the discord server linked above, or the comment section right here. (Open now!!) I'll read everything you guys say.

Thank you all for being around, and we'll meet again sometime. Peace.

- SiberianScytheYT
-------------------------------------------------------------